Fix importing trio while sys.excepthook is a partial (#1662)
python-trio/trio: newsfragments/1630.bugfix.rst

> Successfully import when ``sys.excepthook`` is a ``functools.partial`` such as when in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trio can now be imported when `sys.excepthook` is a `functools.partial` instance, which might occur in a
```
